Yevhen's Password-Manager program allows you to easily manage all your passwords locally. 

1. **Initial Setup:**
   - When the program is run for the first time, a pop-up window appears and prompts you to create a password.
   - The user enters a password and confirms it.
   - The Key generated by Fernet.generate_key() is saved into a file named 'key.txt'
   - The encrypted password is saved into a file named `password.txt`.
   - Additionally, a JSON file named `data.json` is created to store all user passwords for future access.

2. **Subsequent Access:**
   - Upon subsequent runs of the program, a pop-up window is displayed, requesting you to enter a password.
   - If the entered password matches the one stored in `password.txt`, access is granted to the main program.
   - If the entered password is incorrect, the user is prompted to enter the password again until the correct password is provided.

The program has 4 "Frames":

1. **Create Password:**
   - Helps you to generate a password, you can choose your password length in the range of 8-16 characters.
   - Your password, website name, email, or username will be saved into the same record.
   - Also the "search" button allows to search in saved data.
   - If it finds a Website then Pop-up Window will show you the password and email saved for this website, and the window contains "Copy" buttons.

2. **View All Saved Passwords:**
   - This frame allows you to view all the passwords saved in the `data.json` file.

3. **Change Saved Password:**
   - This frame enables you to change any of the saved passwords.

4. **Delete Password:**
   - This frame allows you to delete any saved record.

P.S  Access to the main functionality by entering a password is done just for learning purposes, the data.json can be easily opened outside of the program.
